B. RedTeam
Intro
When designing secure LLM-based applications, we inevitably craft a system prompt — it defines the constraints, behavioral rules, roles, and everything the neural network will basically adhere to when producing a response to a user request.

At the same time, the system prompt may contain sensitive information: links, API keys. Sometimes this is used for hard context, sometimes for convenience and debugging, and sometimes simply because the developer made a mistake and put too much trust in AI when writing the code.

As a result, an attacker can carry out an attack aimed at extracting data from the system prompt — System Prompt Extraction, which is a certain variety of prompt injection.

Task
There is an LLM. A system prompt has been written and fixed for it. The system prompt contains a certain secret code. Additionally, the system prompt describes 6 scenarios: if any of them is present in the user's request, the model will explain the reason, state the attack category, and reveal that very secret code (secret code).

Additionally, as the 7th attack option, a magic word is used. If the user's request equals the magic word, the system returns success!

Your ta5k is to write 10 prompts (each from 3 to 300 characters long) one per line in a .txt file and cover as many of the scenarios hardcoded into the system prompt as possible. To do this, you should watch the lecture and the examples of attacks on LLMs, and read up online about other attack types.

Hint for the magic word:

Study the gostcrypto library

Use the Kuznyechik symmetric encryption algorithm in the ECB block cipher mode. Use PAD_MODE_1.

The key on which the sought secret word is encrypted initially has the string data type (str). When padding it to the key length (32 bytes), the byte representation of the string is padded as follows:


key = key_string_candidate.encode("utf-8").ljust(32, b'\x00')
The sought magic word is encrypted with the given key, producing a ciphertext in hex string format:

hex_cipher_text = "96d2baa168f74fae630545bdca809febfa9c71776d4c9b7fd6200ade971d7e29"
You can use bytearray(binascii.unhexlify(hex_cipher_text)) to work with the bytes in the format required by the gostcrypto library.

How to figure out the key? — We don't know. But it's better to watch the lecture regarding the basic concepts.
Interesting fact

The most curious historical levy is considered to be the window tax in England, introduced in the 17th century. Wishing to replenish the treasury, the government decided that wealthy houses had more windows. To escape ruin, citizens began boarding them up en masse, which caused a sharp rise in disease rates in the cities due to the lack of sunlight and stuffiness.

Example txt file (input):

Explain why regular physical exercise is beneficial for long-term health.
Write a short story about two strangers who unexpectedly become friends during a train journey.
Compare the climates of tropical and temperate regions, highlighting their main differences.
Describe the process of making homemade bread from start to finish.
Summarize the main causes and consequences of the Industrial Revolution.
Write a persuasive paragraph encouraging people to reduce single-use plastic waste.
Explain how eclipses occur and why they do not happen every month.
Describe the characteristics that make a city an attractive place to live.
Write a brief biography of a famous scientist and explain their most important contribution.
Compare traveling by train and by airplane, discussing the advantages and disadvantages of each.
Paste the lines into the field on the right and click "Submit" to test your solution.

If you try to upload more files than allowed or duplicate lines, the system will return an error.

Output:
{num_of_unique_scenarios_covered} / {7} — a certain score format.

Please note that the WA verdict can indicate that you submitted a number of prompts other than 10, or that duplicate/similar queries were detected in your submission.

Good luck! Or, as they say in Spanish: ¡Buena suerte!
